---
title: "(8) Severozov - Melnic Manor"
date: 2023-12-8 12:00:00 -500
author: "Logan Ritterbush"
layout: post
image:
  path: /assets/images/8.png
  alt: "Kacper Melnic"
---


With a successful coup under their belts, Kopek, Levi, and Cornelius were in high spirits. The following night proved to be a restful one, save for one interruption. Levi awoke to a hand pressed over his mouth, and after struggling initially, recognized the hobgoblin he had freed from the cells. Anxious to leave, the mercenary quickly told him all he had discovered about the mysterious “K” in search of Nicolas’ spinner: this figure was in some way associated with the old man Syravich. Levi was left to mull this over as his informant slipped out of the garrison and out of the city of Severozov.

In the morning, the trio was stopped by Dan, who’s jovial demeanor seemed doubly so. The root of his happiness stemmed from the party’s discovery that their arcane cylinder may play a bigger roll than previously anticipated. Underneath it all, however, the merchant was distressed, for the arrival of a prominent figure to the city was to occur the following evening. Kasar Katarin, sister of Nicolas and his counterpart in the rule of Beressia, would depart her war in the east for the city of Severozov, no doubt to end her brother’s isolation and incompetence. Dan offered to arm the trio with fine robes, for a grand dinner was to be held at Melnic Manor, a fine estate in the upper city, in honor of the Kasar’s arrival. Also expected to attend was none other than Nicolas’ orc steward, Kostya, the very individual who could grant them access to the Library of Severozov. This was an opportunity to enter into his good graces.

With a day to spare before dinner at Melnic Manor, the trio set out into the city to explore. Together, they first acquired their party attire from Dan. On the way, Levi’s keen ears picked up the chatter of the city folk, who seemed excited for Katarin’s arrival, and expressed distaste for Nicolas’ rulership. After arriving at Dan’s shop, Kopek and Levi both commissioned garb reminiscent of their past lives, evoking the open steppe and colleges of Highwatch respectively. Cornelius wore finery enough already, for how could the founder of Adler Sales Force be caught without his sleazy suit and fedora? They next journeyed to Syravich’s shack, where the old man himself was nowhere to be found. The great jar of blood beside his cadaver was missing as well. As the trio turned to leave, Kopek’s good eye caught sight of a worn book partially obscured beneath Syravich’s rickety bed. Picking up the book, he discovered it was entitled “The Ascended G: Exploits of Andronicus Taith.” Within the book was trapped a note, reading “Syravich, your first failure to acquire the package has not gone unnoticed. Its contents are of the utmost importance. Fail us again, and your wretched cadavers won’t be the only bodies drained of blood,” signed “K” and written in the same elegant script that Cornelius had discovered on a similarly signed note. According to this note, whoever desired the spinner also desired the package, which just so happened to be the arcane cylinder in the trio’s possession. The note also appeared to serve a dual purpose, as it marked a page in the book. Upon this page, an artifact of Andronicus Taith’s own creation was described. This artifact matched the form and function of the group’s cylinder, affiliating it with Taith himself.

After this revelation, the group set out into the city once more, splitting up for a time. Kopek departed to acquire a detailed pair of shoes to match his new robes. Cornelius trailed sneakily behind Levi as the gnome went on his way, soon to discover that he was no longer the only gnome in town. As he strolled through the upper city, Levi encountered a cheering group, from beyond which a flashing blue light seemed to be emanating, accompanied by the sound of crackling electricity and a recognizable electrifying voice. The crowd parted and Levi found his former Highwatch compatriot Eli standing before him, flanked by his imposing suit of animated armor, Plate. The mage was of similar stature to Levi (both were gnomes), with a striking mustache permanently under the effect of static electricity. He lifted his goggles and greeted Levi joyously. The two reminisced over their time as Highwatch Dawgs far out west, and Eli claimed he had come to the city to inspect the Severozov Library on behalf of their old college. They soon clocked Cornelius sneaking about, and after Levi characterized him as a nuisance, Eli struck him with righteous bolts of lightning. The electromage threatened to vaporize him there and then until Cornelius capitulated and promised not to destroy the next ten Leviathan Rip Spinners they would encounter. Eli said a brief farewell to Levi, for after their discussion they discovered the two of them would both be attending the party at Melnic Manor.

Ready to put their courtly demeanor to the test, Kopek, Levi, and Cornelius proceeded to Melnic Manor, entering its grand oak doors to find an even grander entryway. A blood red carpet split into three paths, with the left and right leading to closed doorways. The center path directed eyes towards a statue of an armored woman with stern features and a billowing cloak clasped with a raven pendant. Curved staircases climbed to the second floor, which overlooked the entry across polished railings. Standing in the foyer were numerous nobles, presumably Boyars from across Beressia. A group of them spoke with a duergar, of the same people as the deep dwarf the trio had slain in the Naked Bear Inn. Also present was Dan, who after beckoning them, informed the group that the event was being catered by Muz, and asked them to be on the lookout for suspicious activity. He claimed some unsavory figures might make an attempt upon Katarin’s life when she arrived, and if the trio could help prevent that, they would surely win Katarin’s favor. After hearing of Muz’s presence, Cornelius excitedly departed to see him. Levi followed to the left towards the kitchen, while Kopek strode towards the duergar.

Through the left door, Cornelius and Levi discovered the dining hall. A long table sat perpendicular to the door, dominating the room, with another smaller table positioned at one end - likely where prominent figures would be seated. The tables were set with pristine dishes and utensils, complemented by savory smells wafting from the kitchen at the back of the hall. While Cornelius continued to the kitchen to mingle with Muz, Levi found Eli and Plate in the dining hall, the former of which asked to speak with him privately. While Plate stood watch, staring uncomfortably at Cornelius, Eli and Levi entered the pantry. Eli revealed that he was hoping to sabotage the library in some way, ensuring it could never compete with Highwatch, and asked for Levi’s help. Levi agreed to do so, as long as Eli petitioned for him to be allowed back into Highwatch. Eli agreed. Cornelius, meanwhile, chatted amiably with Muz. After recommending meatballs be added to Muz’s stovetop stew, he was unsettled to see Muz stealthily sprinkle an unknown ingredient in as well. Cornelius asked what it was, but Muz brushed him off by claiming he was simply “chef-ing it up with some salt.” 

Kopek, after a short discussion with the duergar, discovered that the dwarf was called Gordak, and was an alchemist working at the library. The duergar offered Kopek a draft of his own creation, promising unmatched potency, which Kopek agreed to quaff. Unbeknownst to Gordak, Kopek only feigned drinking. As such, he had no reaction to the beverage, greatly impressing the duergar, who was clearly expecting something else. The hobgoblin then decided to investigate the upper floor of the manor, which he found to be home to two doors, each protected by a single guard. These wore similar armor to the city watch, but theirs was cleaner and draped with furs, indicative of the wealth of their master, the Boyar of Melnic Manor. Kopek continued his streak of impressing the manor's inhabitants, as he blessed one of the guards with a steppe slobber. He also employed further sleight of hand, or tongue rather, feeding some of Gordak’s brew into the guard's mouth, who quickly became paralyzed. After tricking the other guard into departing momentarily, Kopek passed through one of the doors to discover a fine bedroom with a desk against one wall. Upon the desk were the beginninga of a letter, labeled only with its intended recipient: the Duke of Aliev - the very same Duke whose captain had killed Kopek’s charge. Quelling his rage for the moment, Kopek swiftly exited the room, heading across the balcony to the other doorway. Unlike the bedroom, this next chamber was occupied by two individuals. One was Belov, and he was arguing with the other, expressing his opinion that Katarin’s leadership was essential to establish order in Severozov. The second figure was a tall and thin orc, speaking in an unusually proper voice. This was Kostya, Nicolas’ steward and the very individual who might grant Kopek and his companions access to the library. Ordering the disgruntled Belov to leave, Kostya showed Kopek a map of Beressia’s current predicament. Once again, the presence of Kopek’s hated enemy was evident, for the Duke of Aliev was expanding his holdings westward. Kostya informed Kopek that the Duke’s spies had infiltrated the city, and that they needed to be dealt with. In hopes of acquiring land for his hobgoblin brethren, Kopek began to weigh the offer in his mind.

Levi and Cornelius converged upon the room to the right of the manor’s entrance. Inside was a grand gallery with four pieces on display, each inside a glass case. There was a fabric circlet, an opaque bottle presumably full of some valuable liquid, a suit of armor lined with fur and painted with a white raven upon its breast, and a Leviathan Rip Spinner with the same raven icon. Also within the gallery were three individuals: Torgan the hobgoblin, a servant, and a wide bearded man dressed in rich furs. The wide man was regaling Torgan with a tale of some phenomenal hunt, but paused as the gnome and tiefling entered. He introduced himself as Kacper Melnic, their host, while Torgan sneakily departed for the baths. Kacper seemed at first a kindred spirit to Cornelius, offering labor to help the businessman renovate his hexagonal real estate, and purchasing a gemstone in the tiefling's possession. Like Dan, Kacper expressed concerns regarding Katarin’s safety. Immediately Cornelius saw an opportunity, labeling Levi’s associate Eli a shady character, naturally drawing Levi’s ire. While the two squabbled, Kacper slowly detached himself from the interaction, claiming he had some business to attend to upstairs. Both then reasonably seized the opportunity to loot the gallery and rob the Boyar whom they had only just met. While Cornelius distracted the servant, an invisible Levi seized the Leviathan Rip Spinner for later use. After noticing the item's disappearance, the servant panicked and disappeared himself down a hallway. Cornelius then stole the circlet, which labels identified as the Headband of Andronicus Taith, whose machinations of manipulation were destined to be carried on by the circlet’s new wearer.

Cornelius and Levi departed through separate hallways. Lucky Levi discovered a bath full of hobgoblins, and recalling the garrison showers, stealthily left the room. Cornelius traveled further to the back of the manor, just so happening to encounter Kostya on his way back to a guest bedroom. Attempting to demonstrate to Kostya his magical prowess, Cornelius turned himself into a worm. Unimpressed, Kostya gathered what he needed and left the worm squirming across the floor. Disappointed with this outcome, Cornelius still hoped to come away with something, and wormed his way under Kostya’s door to investigate the orc's room. Meanwhile, Kopek descended the stairs and an invisible Levi returned to the entryway just as the manor doors swung open. Striding through aggressively was an angry looking woman flanked by heavily armored guards. Into the manor came Kasar Katarin Abasev, sister of Nicolas and potentially his doom. Belov grinned from ear to ear, Kacper bellowed a hearty greeting, and Kostya’s already sour expression soured further as Katarin shouted at him, kindly calling him a worm. It was time for dinner.